Article title: A Can of Cinnamon Rolls Exploded in THIS Man’s Rear End During A Shoplifting Attempt
 Article text: Las Vegas – Martin Klein, 41 of Las Vegas, was arrested after a shopping lifting incident turned horribly wrong. According to reports, Mr. Klein and his partner, Jerry Weis, had stolen several grocery items from the Las Vegas Walmart.

Reportedly, Klein and Weis had entered the Las Vegas Walmart at approximately 11 A.M. and headed towards the breakfast food aisle. Both of the men had taken several cans of Pillsbury Cinnamon Rolls from the aisle and headed towards the bathroom. According to CCTV footage, Klein and his partner entered the restroom and stayed inside for nearly 20 minutes before exiting.

“I had went to the bathroom to wash my hands when I heard a man in one of the stalls moaning. I had no idea what was happening. I washed my hands and went back to my station in the deli department,” said Johnathan Peterson, an employee of the store.

When Klein was approached by Walmart Security after they had witnessed the two men enter the restroom, Klein told his partner to find his mother in the front of the store. “I asked Mr. Klein to show me the items he had taken into the restroom,” said Michael Jones, a security guard at Walmart. “Mr. Klein denied taking any items into the restroom and then he walked away toward the front of the store. I followed him as he met up with the other person he was in the restroom with. I grabbed Mr. Klein and that’s when his friend squeezed KY Jelly in my face. KY got all in my eyes and on the floor. I attempted to grab Mr. Klein and that’s when both of us fell. I fell on top of him and that is when I heard a loud popping noise. Mr. Klein screamed loudly and then fluid started running from his backside. It was so disgusting but at least I caught the suspect.”

According to eyewitnesses, the EMT that treated Klein on the scene said the Pillsbury Cinnamon Roll can exploded due to the amount of pressure inside Klein’s anus coupled with the shocked of the fall. The can and its contents were removed from Mr. Klein. Mr. Klein was treated for his injuries and then placed into the custody of Las Vegas Police. Jerry Weis, the other suspect in the shoplifting incident, was also arrested. Weis gave a bizarre statement to authorities upon his arrest, “I hope my Mr. Martini will be ok. We just wanted to spice up the love making tonight with something sweet and thought that some Cinnamon Rolls would do the trick. Well at least my darling got the Cinnabuns he wanted. I hope he has some leftovers for me to try.”

Both men are being held on a $3000 bond.
 Article authors: []
 Article Keywords: []